Powered by [U-HOSP]GoldFax

 

clindamycin Oral 300 mg capsule

gabapentin Oral 300 mg capsule
gabapentin Oral 400 mg capsule

gabapentin Oral 800 mg TAB 1 ea
hydroxYzine hydrochloride Oral 50
mg TAB 1 ea

lamoTRIgine Oral 25 mg tablet
Seizures

methocarbamol Oral 500 mg tablet
spasm

mirtazapine Oral 15 mg tablet
nicotine 21 mg/24 hr TERF
omeprazole Oral 20 mg delayed
release capsule

prazosin Oral 1 mg capsule
nightmares

QUEtiapine Oral 100 mg tablet
QUEtiapine Oral 300 mg tablet
sertraline Oral 50 mg tablet
traMADol 50 mg TAB

Admission Meds:
Description
Indication

 

gabapentin Oral 400 mg capsule

methocarbamol Oral 500 mg tablet
spasm

mirtazapine Oral 15 mg tablet
omeprazole Oral 20 mg delayed
release capsule

prazosin Oral 1 mg capsule
nightmares

QUEtiapine Oral 300 mg tablet
sertraline Oral 50 mg tablet
traMADol Oral 50 mg tablet

[L-DATE]

14:30

Psychiatric Evaluation
Cleocin
Hcl
Neurontin
Neurontin 1,200 FO

mg
Neurontin
Atarax
LaMIctal 25 mg FO
Robaxin 500 mg Po
Remeron 15 mg FO
Habitrol
PriLOSEC 20 mg PO
Minipress 1 mg FO
SEROquel
SEROquel 300 mg FO
Zoloft 50 mg PO
Ultram 100 mg PO
Brand Dose Route
Neurontin 1,200 FO
mg

Robaxin 500 mg FO
Remeron 15 mg PO
PriLosEc 20 mg PO
Minipress 1 mg PO
SEROquel 300 mg PO
Zoloft 50 mg «BO
Ultram 100 mg PO

eGoldFax

Page [U-DATE]

Admit Date: [U-DATE]/[L-DATE]

Observation Date/Time: [U-DATE]/[U-DATE]/[L-DATE] 16:56

TID91317

DAILY
TID91321
HS

DAILY

HS

HS

DAILY
TID91321

Frequency
TID91217
TID91321

HS
DAILY

HS
HS

DAILY
TID91321

Anxiety

muscle

Sleep

GERD

Mood
Mood
Pain

Anxiety
muscle

Sleep
GERD

Mood
Mood
Pain

‘Treatment History $$

History of Inpatient Treatment
Number of hospitalizations
Most recent admission: date and location

Age of first hospitalization

Yes

16+

Swedish Covenant 2 weeks ago

20

Reason for admission suicidal ideation, detox

TRAUMA AND ABUSE

Details DcFs/APS

Invelvement

Row Type of abuse Age of abuse By whom DCFS/APS.

Report Filed

Printed On: 10/30/2023 @ 12:37 Page 3 of 11

------------------------------
